[ music ]
- Oh, whoa!
- He's two hours late.
- Why is your dad always late?
- Two main reasons: He's famous.
- And?
- He doesn't care about
being on time.
- All right, let's just have
Hudson do the video.
- Yes! My big break!
- Whatever. Hudson, get
in front of the camera....
- Yes sir!
- What? I...
- Hey hey, am I late?
- Yeah. You're very late.
- Well, that's cause I'm
famous and I don't care.
I'm on fire!
- C'mon Dad, we gotta shoot
a video for Nasty Goats.
- Why? Goats don't watch
no videos.
- Nasty Goats is the new
game we're launching
nine days from now.
- Yeah! And we want to
shoot a video with you,
to get people
all pumped up for it.
- Wait, I'm being replaced?!?
You guys are
Eric Stoltzing me?
- What does that mean?
- Ah, before your time.
- All right. Here's your script
so you can learn your lines.
- And I'll go make you
some cue cards.
- Nope, nope, I don't
need any cue cards.
I just need to look at this
for a second... Mmmhmm...
Right... Okay... Alright.
Got it! Let's shoot.
- All right, there's no way
you learned all your dialogue
that fast.
- Would you just start
the camera so we can
get outa here?
- Okaaay. Recording.
- Hey hey, Double G on your
screen, here to tell you
about the hottest new game,
coming at you from Game Shakers.
It's called Nasty Goats!
And now what I'm about
to do right now?
I'm about to hit you with
a little preview,
so you could see what
it looks like!
Alright, right there?
That's the edit point,
so you can show
a clip of the game.
Alright. Here's the
next part...
Hey hey! Was that
dope or what?!?
Now remember, the game
is called Nasty Goats!
Coming to you soon,
from Game Shakers!
Now when it comes out, I want
you to get your thumbs ready,
and start playing Nasty Goats!
( bleats like a goat )
Cut! How was that?
- He got every word right.
- How'd you do that?
- Well, it's called
"being a superstar."
- Oh, he's drinking
my sparkling milk.
- Well, I wish that
hadn't happened.
- Do me! Do Me!
* Now let me see
The club go off *
* When I step on the mic
* Game Shakers in the spot
And it's popping tonight *
* You know the whole squad
filthy, yeah, we papered up *
* So when you hear
That beat bang *
* You better drop dat what
* Wrist so icy
Man, I'm balling every day *
* You can't shake my game
So just get up out my way *
* Only bosses up in here
Homey, that's what's up *
* So, DJ, bounce that bass
So I can drop dat what *
* Drop dat
Let the bass get low *
And make the whole club go *
* Drop dat
'cause I can't get enough *
* When you
Drop dat *
* But you better pick it up
* Drop dat
- Hey!
- Hey, what's this?
- A cute hat, for you.
- So cute.
Where'd you get it?
- I found it in the street.
- Ohh, ooh!
- Listen.
[ game music ]
[ goat bleating ]
Doesn't that sound like...
- Our new game?
- Hey. What are you playing?
- A cool new game. Nasty Goats.
[ both gasp ]
- We're not putting that game
out for another week!
- I know. Where'd you
get that game?
- I downloaded it,
from Snoop Torrent.
[ both gasp ]
- Someone stole our game
and put it on Snoop Torrent!
- We've been hacked!
- Y'know, you shouldn't steal
games from illegal websites.
- Yeah, that's piracy! And rude!
- Who cares?
I steal all my games.
- Oh yeah? Well...
- Hey! What'd you do that for?
- Oh, I steal all my belts.
Come on.
- Now you got no belt.
- I don't care!
- There's a whole message board
with people talking about
how much they love
playing Nasty Goats.
- Yeah, well wait 'til
I find the IP address
of the jerk who hacked us.
- Geronimo! Boom!
- And here I come.
- Yeah baby!
- What baby? You missed
the whole ring by 40 feet!
- Yes! But I participated.
- Oooh! I think I found
the punk who stole our game!
Yes! His IP address is 79--
Ow!
- Both: Sorry.
- Both of you!
Come here, right now!
- Don't stop, Hudson!
She can't hurt us
if she can't catch us!
- Oh can't I?
Owww!
Ohhh!
[ laughs ]
- All right, I got your text.
What's the big emergency?
- Where have you guys been?
- We were at Beyonce's house
for a pajama party.
- Now, what's the problem?
- Some jerk hacked our server
and stole our game, Nasty Goats.
- And then uploaded it
to a pirate website.
- Look! I've got pirates
on my pajamas. Aaarrrgggh!
- Shut up Bunny!
- Ah! I got his home address.
The hacker lives in Alaska.
- Alaska?
- But I don't care about some
computer hacker in Alaska.
We gotta get back
to Beyonce's house
before the pajama
jump-rope contest.
- Uh, are you sure
you don't care?
Lots of people
are downloading Nasty Goats
right now for free.
- Which means Game Shakers
is losing a lot of money.
- Which means you're
losing a lot of money.
- Well, why didn't you tell me
this was an emergency?
Bunny, Ruthless,
call the airport.
Tell 'em to wash my jet
and fuel it up!
We are taking
a little trip to Alaska.
- Yeah.
- All right.
- Here we go.
- Hey! You guys want to
hear something cool?
- What?
- Sure.
- Alaska, spelled backward,
is Alaska. Peww...
- No, it's not.
- It's "aksala."
- Oh. That's less cool.
- I knew a girl
named "Aksala."
Y'all wanna know what
happened with her?
- No!
- Are you serious?
- It's so cold!
- This is the house.
- Somebody ring
the dang doorbell before
my butt cheeks freeze together!
Aww... It's too late.
- Augh.
- Eww.
[ doorbell rings ]
- I'll answer the door.
- Okay, Nanner.
[ sighs of relief ]
- Can I help you?
- Yeah. We'd like to talk
to you about Nasty Goats.
- Oh, my husband
died years ago.
- No, Nasty Goats is
a game we made.
- That was stolen
off our server.
- Yeah, does anybody live here
that knows a lot about
computers?
- Oh, don't say anything,
Nanna!
Please don't say anything!
- Oh yes, my grandson Lance
knows all about computers.
- Aw shizzle!
- Uh, can we come
into your house?
- Ohhh, I don't think I should
let people I don't know
into my house.
- What if we were
your cousins?
Would you let us in
if we were your cousins?
- Well of course.
- We're your cousins.
- Yeah. Yeah.
- I'm cousin Bunny.
- I'm cousin Ruthless.
- Ohhhh yes! Oh my!
Come in, come in.
- So, uh... where's Lance?
- I'll call him.
LAAANCE!!
YOUR COUSINS ARE HERE!
- Man, she gets loud!
- Where did he go?
[ muffled sneeze ]
- Okay, where did that
sneeze come from?
- Gotcha! Nope.
[ muffled screams ]
- Where's that coming from?
- Underneath you!
- Move!
- Get off the rug!
- Look down!
- Okay, Lance.
Why'd you hack our server
and put our game online?
- I'm not saying anything until
somebody gets me a lawyer.
- Oh, we'll get you two lawyers.
Lawyer Bunny,
and lawyer Ruthless!
- Are you guys really lawyers?
- Oh yeah. Watch this...
- Your Honor,
my client is guilty!
- Yeah. I don't think these guys
have my best interest at heart.
- Look kid, you better go
online and take our game down,
'cuz we're not leaving
this house 'til ya do!
- Good.
- Good? What?
- Yeah! I live here alone
with my Nanner,
and it's kinda nice
having company.
- All right then, if you don't
take our game off that website,
we're leaving!
- Well, okay. Bye.
- D'aahh, I can't
talk to this kid!
- Here, I'm great with children.
- Hi Lance.
- Hello.
- When I was your age,
I wanted a baby elephant
more than anything.
- Okay.
- I even wrote to
Santa Claus about it.
I wrote, "Dear Santa,
I've been very good all year,
so please bring me
a baby elephant."
- So what happened?
- I never got one.
Do you know where I can get one?
- Step away from the child.
- All right,
you listen to me, Lance!
You better take our game down
or I swear you're gonna be sorry
and I don't a mean
a little bit sorry,
I mean a lot sor...
What... what, you're crying?
Okay, how am I supposed
to threaten a kid
when he's crying?
- Aw, his little glasses
are fogging up.
Here... Let me clean
the lenses for you.
- No! I can't see
without my glasses!
Just, back off, lady!
- Hey, don't raise your voice
to a Game Shaker!
- I'm sorry.
- Yeah, you sorry...
- I lost control.
- Look, Lance... we all worked
really hard to make Nasty Goats,
so it's not fair for you
to steal our game,
and just give it away
to other people.
- Okay. Then I'll take it down.
- You... you will?
- If...
you get me a date
with Sophia Sanchez.
- Who's Sophia Sanchez?
- She's the local
weather lady.
- Awww, he's got a crush
on his weather lady.
- It's not a crush!
I love her! Jerk!
- Whoa... Lance....
- I lost control.
- Lance... don't you think
you're a little too young
to go on a date
with your weather lady?
- It doesn't have to be
like an official date.
I just wanna share some
macaroni and cheese with her.
- All right... so you're saying
that if we can get you together
with Sophia Sanchez,
to eat mac and cheese,
then you'll pull our game
down off that website?
- Oh yeah! I promise!
- All right, who had
the orange pekoe?
- Oh. I did.
- That's right.
Uh. Put your hand out.
- This boy better take that game
down 'cause I ain't playin' no--
Y'ahhhh!
What is...
what is wrong with you?
Why would you do that?
- Oh, I forgot
to bring you a cup.
- Awww.... Nanner!
- We're back in two minutes!
- Oh! Look, look!
There's Sophia Sanchez!
- No way! Be right back!
- Double G? Oh my God,
you're Double G!
- And you are...
Sophia Sanchez!
- Yes! No way, you know me?!?
- Know you?
Heck, my dad's a huge
fan of... of uh...
uh... KTRD News, girl!
Pshh...
- Sophia, you're on
in 60 seconds.
- Uh, Sophia, since you're such
a big fan of Double G...
- Do you have dinner
plans tonight?
- Shut up! You seriously want to
have dinner with me?
- Well, what time you get off?
'Cuz uh...
- No, no, no, no!
- Hey wait a minute dad!
- See... We need you to
eat macaroni and cheese
with a 10-year old boy
who's in love with you,
what do you say?
- Well... sure, why not?
- Really?
- For real?
- Yeah!
- Sophia, you're on!
- Oh! See ya in a few!
- Okay, I'm calling Kenzie
and tellin' her
to bring Lance here.
- Hey, quit watchin' her
walk away!
- Alright. That's it.
You are grounded!
- For what?!?
- For dewb-dewb-dewb-
dewb-dewba-dewba-dew!
- D'aaaawww!
- Yeah. Okay. Okay... I got it.
Okay, give us a half hour.
Alright, bye.
Hey, I got great news!
Sophia Sanchez agreed
to meet with you and share
some macaroni and cheese!
- OH MY GOD!
- What happened?
Are penguins eating
the dog food again?!?
- No Nanner,
everything's wonderful.
- All right.
- Wait... I can't go to KTRD.
I can't leave my Nanner
here alone.
- So we'll take her with us.
- No way, she's afraid to leave
the house when it's snowing.
- Well, I'll stay here and
watch your Nanner for you.
- I'll stay too.
- Well, okay, if you guys'll
stay here with Nanner,
I can go!
- But, how are we
gonna get there?
- Uh, we can borrow
my neighbor's dog sled!
- I hope it has heated seats!
- Aw man! Where is Kenzie?
Why isn't she here yet
with that scummy little boy
with the goofy glasses?
- Oh. She just texted me,
she thinks they'll be here
in 10 minutes.
- Ah, uh, uh...
Excuse me, Double G?
- What, what, what?
- Uh, we don't get many
celebrities here in Alaska,
so our producer wanted me to ask
you if you'd do an interview?
- Pass.
- No, do it!
You can promote our new game.
- And since when do you not
want to be in front of a camera?
- Good point. Let's go.
- Awesome. I'll...
I'll take you to makeup?
- Why? This face can't
be improved upon.
- Hey guys. I got that food
and the other stuff you wanted,
and I set it all up
on a table over there.
- Oh great. Tip him.
- Why do I have to tip him?
- Tip him.
- You got change for a 20?
- Nope.
- Oh wait! Here comes Sophia.
- Sophia, heyy!
- Hey! You ready to have
some mac and cheese
with our little friend?
- Oh, I'm sorry guys,
but they're sending me out
to report on the snow storm.
- No, nooo nooo.
- No, no, no noooo.
- Hey Sophia, the van's ready!
- I'm really sorry!
- No no! Come back,
Sophia Sanchez!
- Plan B?
- Uhhh... Hey, buddy!
Over here!
- Yeah, whatcha need?
- Listen, can you get
into Sophia's dressing room?
- Yeah. How'd you know that?
- Look, I just want you to let
me into Sophia's dressing room,
so I can borrow one
of her dresses.
- Unh-uh, no way.
- How about for another tip?
- Sure.
- Tip him.
- Can you break a 50?
- No.
- Man, I know you got a 20!
- And now, as a surprise treat
for myself and all our viewers.
Look who stopped by
KTRD to say hi.
It's superstar rapper
and business mogul, Double G.
- Hey Alaska. How you doin'?
- So Double G, what do you think
of all this snow we're having?
- Well, I think that...
everyone should go online
next week,
and download the new game
from Game Shakers,
Nasty Goats!
- Well uh, I-I'm not sure what
that has to do with our snow,
here in Alaska.
- Oh, no, no. I love snow.
And I also love my new cologne,
called Sniffalicious.
Remember: If it's not
Sniffalicious,
it's not worth sniffin'.
Once ya sniff it,
you can't dismiss it.
- [ coughing ] It's true!
- Trip! Trip!
Sorry we're late.
We had to stop so one
of the sled dogs could vomit.
- Where's Sophia Sanchez?
- Oh, uh, she's in
her dressing room,
gettin' ready for her
date with you.
- Sweet! I hope she
wears pearls.
[ text message bell ]
- Who texted you?
- Babe!
- What did she say?
- She wants me to uhhh...
Hey, I think somethin's
wrong with your glasses.
Oh no, they broke.
- But uh.. I can't see
without my glasses!
- Hey! It's not my fault
your glasses were defective!
- They weren't defective
until you manhandled them!
- Sure. Sure.
- Uh...uh-uh-uh-uh...
- Oh man! Wow! Okay.
- Sophia Sanchez?!?
- That's right, Lance.
Are you ready to eat some
macaroni and cheese with me?
- So Double G, what are
your views on censorship
in music today?
- Do you like meat?
- Meat?
- You know. Hamburgers.
Ribs. Steak.
- Oh! Well, sure! Yeah!
- Well, you know what
you need to try?
- No. What?
- Dub Rub. Remember:
If you're gonna eat meat...
"Rub a little Dub on it."
- Are you having
a good time, Lance?
- Are you kiddin' me?
I'm here with my three
favorite things:
macaroni, cheese,
and Sophia Sanchez.
- Oh my God, you're adorable.
- Um, how come you sound
different here than
when you're doing the weather?
- Because I have
a sinus infection.
- So Lance, since we got you
a date with Sophia Sanchez...
- This would be a great time to
use this laptop to take our game
off of Snoop Torrent.
- Oh sure.
It's hard for me to see.
Lemme just input my password...
- Hey... I had some glue
so I fixed the kid's glasses.
- My glasses?
- Oh, go away!
- We don't need those, man.
- Please go away.
- Now I can see Sophia
as clear as...
You're not Sophia!
I've been duped!
- Well, I mean I...
- Now, just go ahead and finish
taking the game off the website.
- No! You didn't deliver Sophia,
so I'm not gonna take
your game off the site!
- Oh yes, you are gonna!
- Hey! Hey, hey, hey!
You're bending my arm in ways
it's not meant to go!
- Yeah, and if you don't
take our game down,
I'm gonna snap it
like a twig!
- Yeah, and then I'm gonna
stuff this grapefruit
up your nostril.
- Okay, all right, all right.
I'll take your game
off the site!
- We shoulda thought
of this before.
- Totally.
- Right?
[ music ]
* Just drop that
[ oven bell ]
- Mmm...
Captioning performed by
Teleperformance Rapidtext